Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the equity verse. Today we're going
to talk about the launch of the SpaceX
IPO. If you guys like the content, make
sure you subscribe to the channel, give
the video a thumbs up, and also check
out the sale on ITC Premium at into the
cryptoverse.com.
Let's go ahead and jump in. So, SpaceX
had their IPO last week. My apologies
for not making a video on this last
week, but I was traveling at the time. I
did put out a tweet on it and
essentially what I said was expect to
see the price surge after launch and
oftentimes a surge in price after the
IPO can last you know between one day to
a few weeks. You'll likely see it sort
of fall back in some going into the
second half of the year and from there I
could see it beginning a more durable
journey. So we don't have it's not like
we have a ton of examples of companies
that that Elon Musk has launched in IPOs
but there are some right and there's
more than you know than most people
right because most people have zero but
I will say this there's a lot of
important things with investing and and
you know some of it is seasonality some
of it is is just remembering like buying
and holding for the long term but what I
will say is that a mistake that a lot of
people make or a lot a mistake that a
lot of companies make is they they hire
people that are not really fit to lead
the company. And there are a lot of
great companies or a lot of great
products that companies have, but they
ultimately fail because they don't
actually have good leadership in place.
But Elon Musk has already proven himself
many many times that he can run a
company. And if you've followed me since
2019, one of the things I've frequently
said is I like to bet on people.
You know, I mean, we can talk about
other stuff, but it means a lot if a
company just has the right person in
charge. Because if if a person
establishes himself as being able to run
a successful company
multiple times, then why would I assume
that this is the one that they're going
to suddenly not know how to how to run
it? A lot of people have lost a lot of
money betting against Elon Musk. A lot
of people have made a lot of money
betting on Elon Musk to run these
companies. Well, now if you followed
this channel for a long time, you know,
I've been pretty much bullish on Tesla
for a long time. I first got bullish on
Tesla, you know, I I think it was in the
early 2010s, really like 2013 time frame
is when I really started to get bullish
on Tesla. And I remember back then, you
know, and I I didn't have a YouTube
channel at the time, but I remember back
then being very confused about about the
markets and and not really fully
understanding and being like, "All
right, well, why is Tesla not going
anywhere from 2011 to 2013? Why did it
not really move anywhere throughout, you
know, from 2014 to 2019?
And this stuff happens, right? Like you
you get this massive repricing higher
and then price goes sideways for a long
time. But one of the things that I think
we should maybe take note of and I will
preface this by saying, look, this is
one example. We're going to look at some
other examples. I understand that one
example here by Elon Musk, an IPO, isn't
enough to sort of definitively know what
the trend's going to be, but let's just
look what did this what did this the IPO
h do for Tesla. Like what happened at
the IPO?
What happened for Tesla at the IPO is
what happens for a lot of companies at
the IPO. A lot of successful companies.
What happens for a lot of successful
companies at the IPO? there's a massive
launch in price and then it comes back
down
and then sort of a a more durable longer
term move happens. That's what usually
happens. You can see it happened for
Tesla.
Look at Microsoft after Microsoft
launched. It rallied up 40% came back
down. The rest is history. Apple when it
launched, it had a very brief rally,
came back down,
the rest is history.
When I look at SpaceX,
obviously there's a lot of demand for
it. I'm long-term bullish on SpaceX. I
do not think it makes sense to bet
against Elon Musk. Short-term moves are
hard to predict, right? Like, you know,
who knows exactly where the price is
going to go in the short term. But I
will say this, even if SpaceX were to go
back down to the lows or below it, like
say Tesla did and like Microsoft did and
like Apple did, it wouldn't mean it's un
unsuccessful.
There are a lot of these companies in
the early days that can have large
corrections in the stock price, but
ultimately you zoom out years and years
later and you realize those didn't
really matter. That's what the Apple
chart looks like, right? You look at
Microsoft, you'll see something similar.
You had a a pretty big drop by Microsoft
after the IPO sort of hype. It dropped
about, you know, 30% and then the rest
is history. Let's look at Tesla because
there's actually a lot of similarities
between the launch of Tesla and the
launch of SpaceX. I mean, obviously the
market caps are different, but let's
look at this. When did SpaceX launch?
June of 2026. So SpaceX
launched in June of 2026. When did Tesla
launch?
June 2010.
See this June of 2010. What does that
have in common so far? So
they both
have Elon Musk, right? So they both have
Elon Musk. They both launched
in June of a midterm year,
right? They both launched in June of a
midterm year, just this is 16 years
later. And
when it launched, the price went up a
lot from the starting price. And
obviously, it wicked lower, but from the
starting price when when we had the
Tesla IPO, the price went up about 60%.
Okay.
So, from the launch of of Tesla,
60%
after IPO,
what is SpaceX up from that open? It's
currently gone up about 50%.
Okay. Now, it could go higher, right?
I'm not here to say it can't, but so far
it's about 50%. after the IPO. Now, I
wonder if we're going to see a very
similar outcome because remember what a
lot what happens a lot of times with
successful IPOs is they surge, they then
pull back and then the more durable run
happens. That's the way it goes. And if
it pulls back, that doesn't make it a
bad company, right? I mean, when Tesla
launched, it had after the 60% surge,
it then dropped
From there, it dropped like 51%.
And you know what's crazy? It did that
all in one month. Like Tesla went up 60%
from the open and then dropped 50% all
within about a month and then that was
the low. And after that low, Tesla never
went below that price ever again. Ever
again. It only ever went up from there.
Again, when Microsoft launched, it
surged.
It dropped. It never went below that
price after that drop. You see that? And
that drop also happened to be in July,
right? It happened to be in July. I
don't know if that was a um Well, that
would have been a midterm year, right?
or no? So, what 2010, 2006, 2002, 98,
94, 90? So, yeah, it would have been a
midterm year.
And then from there the rest is history.
So just keep that in mind you know keep
that in mind. Perhaps perhaps if there
is a pullback by Tesla into the second
half of the year
like there was you know after the SpaceX
or after the Tesla la if there's a s
sorry there's a pullback by SpaceX into
the second half of the midterm year like
there was for Tesla and like there was
for Microsoft
and sort of like Apple but I'm not
really sure if it was a if it was a
midterm year. I guess it was a midterm
year where it found a low right in I
guess it was July of 1982.
So I'm just saying guys like I don't I'm
not betting against Elon Musk. What I'm
saying is I think there's going to be a
good buying opportunity for SpaceX
really really soon u after this sort of
initial hype wears off. And that's the
hard thing about IPOs is that there's a
lot of people that have been holding on
for a really long time. They want to
sell. There's also a lot of demand from
retail who haven't been able to buy.
Okay, so they want to buy and what
happens is retail buys and the price
surges up, but then the selling pressure
kind of continues from the people who've
been holding forever. We then come back
down and then the market sort of
reprices things and then eventually
these successful companies head higher.
Let me show you an example of of a
company that did not do that. Just so we
know because look, there are companies
after the IPO that then just kind of go
down for a while, right? Well, here's
another example of a good one. Nvidia,
look what happened. It surged, got a
correction into the second half of the
year,
and then had another massive move up.
Now, look at
at Rivian.
This is another EV company. Look at
Rivian. Look at what it did on the IPO.
It did what Tesla did in the sense that
it rallied up from the open. It rallied
up 60% almost 70%.
But then it dropped and it just kept
dropping and it ended up dropping over
90%.
Right? It ended up dropping 95%.
So not all IPOs are guaranteed to work
out. But what I'm saying is I think that
Elon Musk
knows what he's doing will be a good
will be able to
make SpaceX profitable and long-term
whatever corrections come our way in
especially kind of going into the second
half of the year like we've seen with a
lot of these IPOs
it shouldn't matter as long as you can
hold on for the long term. So, I just
wanted to sort of highlight these
similarities between say SpaceX and
Tesla. And so, what'll often happen is
people will see the hype, they'll buy
in, and then they'll see the the prices
go higher, they'll be like, "Look, you
know, look at the people that are are
were calling for a post IPO drop. It
never happened." But then usually it
does. And then those guys get scared and
sell. And then that's where you really
want to come in uh from a historical
perspective and see if there's actually
an opportunity there. And I I think
there would be. I think there would be.
So you might ask what would cause a
drop? What would cause a drop in in uh
you know and I I guess there's with
every stock there's the idiosyncratic
risk of that stock but there's also the
market risk and we know that in the back
half of midterm years we normally get a
correction by stocks. So if you look at
the last several midterm years like if
you look at uh 2022 you'll see there was
a correction in the first half of the
year and a correction in the second half
of the year. If you look at 2018, a
correction in the first half and a
correction in the second half. And if
you look at 2014, you'll see a small
correction in the first half and then a
another bigger correction in the second
half of the year. So the argument would
be that if the stock market does what it
always does in midterm years, you'll
likely see a correction by stocks in the
second half of this year. That would
likely correspond to SpaceX
coming back down some and that
potentially setting up a pretty good
opportunity for the next several years.
So over the long term, I do not
recommend betting against Elon Musk. A
lot of people have lost a lot of money
doing it. If you see SpaceX come back
down in the coming months, I think
that'll probably present an opportunity
for those looking to take more um longer
term bet. Again, this is not financial
advice. This is just my views on the
market. And and a reminder that if you
can't handle 30, 40, 50% drops in
individual stocks, then you really have
no business investing in them in the
first place. Okay? You know when Tesla
launched
after its 60% drop surge it dropped 50%.
When Apple launched shortly after the
launch
from that high it dropped 70%. And then
it had another 70% drop and then an 80%
drop and then another 80% drop. But
today it doesn't matter. You know my
guess is in many many you know in in a
couple of decades you'll look back and
none none of these prices will matter.
But in the short term people want to
know, right? And I'm just saying look in
the short term what happens often after
IPO launches you see a surge in price it
then comes back down and then the more
durable move begins for successful
companies for companies that maybe
aren't as don't have as good of a
product don't have as good of leadership
they can continue to bleed I just don't
think SpaceX will be unsuccessful I
think it will be a successful company
and so if you do get draw downs uh in
the second half of the year going into
the second half of the year then I think
it would represent a great opportunity.
If you guys like the content, make sure
you subscribe to the channel, give the
video a thumbs up, and again, check out
the sale on into the cryptoverse premium
at into the cryptoverse.com. As a
reminder, I am throwing the first ITC
conference uh probably later this year.
So, if you are interested in attending
that, uh go to the
website.com/conference.
You can fill out uh this little
information box and you'll get updates
whenever we release it. Thank you guys
for tuning in and I'll see you next
time. Bye.